HTTP Methods Examples Provided 20231026 (#6756)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/index-document.md

**Introduced 1.0**
{: .label .label-purple}

> You can use the Index document operation to add a single document to your index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the index document operation to add a single document to your index.
```

> You can use the Index document operation to add a single document to your index.

Reviewer: Should `index document` be in code font?

Author: Yes, thank you Nate

POST <index>/_create/<_id>
```

> - PUT adds or updates documents with a specified ID in the index. Used for controlled document creation or updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PUT adds or updates documents in the index with a specified ID. Used for controlled document creation or updates.
```

> - POST adds documents to the index with auto-generated IDs. Useful for adding new documents without specifying IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- POST adds documents with auto-generated IDs to the index. Useful for adding new documents without specifying IDs.
```

> - `_create` is a type identifier indicating document creation should only occur if the document with the specified ID doesn't already exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `_create` is a type identifier indicating that document creation should only occur if the document with the specified ID doesn't already exist.
```

> - `<index>` represents the name of the index where the document will be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<index>` represents the name of the index to which the document will be added.
```

- `<_id>` represents the unique identifier of the document.

> ## Adding a sample index and documents to use the HTTP methods 

Reviewer: I'm not following the meaning of this heading. Please simplify/clarify.

Author: complete, this was confusing thank you.

> To test the Document APIs, add a document by following the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the Document APIs, add a document by following these steps:
```

1. Open OpenSearch Dashboards.
2. Navigate to the hamburger menu. 
3. In the **Management** section, choose **Dev Tools**.

> 4. Enter a command, then press the green triangle play button to send the request. Some example commands follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter a command, and then select the green triangle play button to send the request. The following are some example commands.
```

POST <index>/_create/<_id>
```

- PUT adds or updates documents with a specified ID in the index. Used for controlled document creation or updates.
- POST adds documents to the index with auto-generated IDs. Useful for adding new documents without specifying IDs.
- `_create` is a type identifier indicating document creation should only occur if the document with the specified ID doesn't already exist.
- `<index>` represents the name of the index where the document will be added.
- `<_id>` represents the unique identifier of the document.

## Adding a sample index and documents to use the HTTP methods 

> To add a documents, do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to quickly test the Document APIs, you can quickly add a document by doing the following:
```

Reviewer 3: You probably don't want to use quickly twice in a sentence.

Author: Thank you @hdhalter this is now updated.

> Before you can search for data, you must first add documents.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add a documents, do the following:
```

> Sample data can be added to the index with curl commands in the terminal, or through the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample data can be added to the index with curl commands in the terminal or through the API.
```

To do this follow the steps:

> 1. Open OpenSearch Dashboards

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Open OpenSearch Dashboards.
```

> To test the Document APIs, add a document by following the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the Document APIs, add a document by following these steps:
```

> 2. Navigate to the hamburger menu 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the hamburger menu. 
```

> 3. In the **Management** section, choose **Dev Tools**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. In the **Management** section, choose **Dev Tools**.
```

> 4. Run the following commands in the Dev tools by pressing the green triangle play button to send the request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Enter a command, then press the green triangle play button to send the request. Some example commands follow.
```
